---
title: One in a Trillion
permalink: /announcement/v16-0-0
og_title: "One in a Trillion - v16.0.0 Announcement"
og_description: "Brand New Multiplayer"
---
**Last updated:** {{ "2025-02-20" | date: "%d %b %Y" }}

# v16.0.0 - Multiplayer Rebuild
## 🔄 Daily Leagues
The daily leagues that we are all so used to are getting a big overhaul which will make them easier, more casual and just for fun!

Key changes:
### No more ratings
Leagues will no longer change your multiplayer rating and ranks, they become the multiplayer game which is just for fun and prize pots.


### Far less matchmaking
Leagues will feature a much wider mix of ranked players.

As leagues used to match players of similar ranking they nearly always felt difficult to finish in the top 3 and win the big prizes. This change helps give the best prizes to the medium and strong players.


### Auto & instant joining
All logged in players will be added to leagues.
There is no longer a 5 minute wait to see your league after entering.


## 🆕 1v1 Battles
A totally new competitive game mode which will be for the players who want to rise up the ratings & try to become the best!

Main features:
### 4h play time
Unlike daily leagues, 1v1 battles will last for 4 hours & you can play multiple games per day.


### Matchmaking
Play against players of a similar rating & beat them to increase your rating & rank.


### Push notifications
Receive notifications when a game starts & whenever your opponent overtakes you so you have the best chance of regaining the lead.


## 🆕 Live Multiplayer Panel
The main game screen will now display a multiplayer panel at the top of the screen giving you live updates on your daily league and 1v1's.

Never feel like your out the loop by simply tapping on the panel for full game details.


## 📶 Other
- Better data syncing to the servers
- 
